Like the PunkBuster MD5 Tool, ROCmod's file scanner works by scanning player files and
performing MD5 comparisons to make sure the files have not been altered or replaced.
However, unlike PB's MD5 Tool, which can only scan pk3 files as a whole, the file
scanner examines individual files at the game level. If a player has a skin or weapon
model installed, causing the game to use it instead of the default, the file scanner
will detect the difference and report it to the server.

Like voice commands, the file scanner is fully configurable on the server, using the
scanlist.cfg file. It is up to the server to decide what files should be scanned, and
what actions should be taken for mismatches.

The cfg file has the following format:
	<action> <md5 value> <file name>

For example:
	k 8EEC06E5835BBC3EEB8F5E644994E2D6 shaders/effects.shader

Note that the file name must include the full path of the file, as stored in the pk3.
Each line begins with an action, and can be one of the following values:
	k = Kick player from the server
	m = Broadcast a warning message to all players in the server
	a = Broadcast a warning to all admins in the server
	l = Do nothing except record it in the log

Whenever a mismatch is found between the MD5 value stored in the cfg, and the value
returned by the client, the specified action for that file is taken.

There are many programs available for calculating the MD5 value of a file. I have
uploaded a simple commandline program here: http://rocmod.rocclan.com/md5.zip
Alternatively, you may download a complete list of MD5 values here:
http://rocmod.rocclan.com/sof2-md5-values.zip

Please note however that the scanlist.cfg file currently has the same limitations
as the voicecmds.cfg file: a maximum of 1024 entries, and a maximum file size of 64k.
This may change in the future. It is recommended that you start slow, add a few
important files to be scanned, and work your way up, rather than scanning for a huge
number of files to begin with. Also note that certain files are automatically
modified by rocmod or some maps (i.e. gfx.shader) so scanning for the original
version of that file will always fail.


Please note that the ROCmod client-side is required for this file scanning to work.
The g_verifyClients cvar must be enabled, and it is recommended that you also enable
the options to warn and possibly kick players who don't have the client. Any players who
do not have the client cannot be scanned.
